PR to add Phoenix proposal for 2022 (#1095)
HSF/hsf.github.io: _gsocproposals/2022/proposal_Phoenix.md

[Phoenix](https://hepsoftwarefoundation.org/phoenix/) is a framework that can be used by any typical (e.g. colliding beam) High Energy Physics experiment. It was initially based on work done for the TrackML [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/c/trackml-particle-identification)/[Codalab](https://competitions.codalab.org/competitions/20112) challenges (and internal use by ATLAS). 

In the recent Advanced Computing and Analysis Techniques (ACAT) 2021 [conference](https://indico.cern.ch/event/855454/), two submissions cited Phoenix:
* Open Data Detector (ACTS) [link](https://indico.cern.ch/event/855454/contributions/4596738/attachments/2352091/4013627/740_poster.pdf)

> * New Web Based Event Data and Geometry Visualisation for LHCb [link](https://indico.cern.ch/event/855454/contributions/4598428/attachments/2352310/4013170/572_Andreas-Pappas_ACAT2021_poster.pdf)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New Web Based Event Data and Geometry Visualisation for LHCb [link](https://indico.cern.ch/event/855454/contributions/4598428/attachments/2352310/4018397/572_AndreasPappas_ACAT-2021_poster.pdf)
```

## Possible Tasks
We have three possible tasks this year. All are expected to take 175 hours (i.e. are short projects).

### 3D menu for AR/VR
Phoenix currently supports (in a quite basic form) VR and AR and even with the limited functionality we have right now, this is a very exciting way to use the event display and it is something we would really like to improve.

However one current omission is there is no way to interact with the detector and event data visualisation: at the moment in AR/VR the user has no way to change what is shown,

Phoenix’s menu system was always intended to be extensible, and so it should be possible to add a 3D menu when in VR mode. The major complication here will be that visualising detectors and event data on a phone is a very different experience to using it in a dedicated headset (such as a Meta Quest). Much care will need to be taken to make the UI as intuitive as possible. Once this is made to work, we can investigate adding a simple menu for AR mode (AR is more difficult, since it is less stable).

#### Possible sub-tasks

> * Investigate available open source menu packages (e.g. https://discourse.threejs.org/t/three-mesh-ui), and evaluate the feasibility of incorporating them in Phoenix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Investigate available open source menu packages (e.g. https://github.com/felixmariotto/three-mesh-ui), and evaluate the feasibility of incorporating them in Phoenix.
```
